A truly pathetic hole
in the wall you have here.
-[ASHIYA] Sire.
-Thank you.
[ASHIYA]
Lovely.
A gift from the Malebranche.
Freebies are far less thrilling
when they're coming
from traitors.
You couldn't pay me
to touch that thing.
Oh, good.
So I guess you guys aren't going
to go along with those meanies?
Of course not.
[chuckles]
Hey, Chiho.
How did you manage to cross
right through
Erone's force field?
That magic was, like,
industrial grade.
Well, my speculation is that
it had to do with Chiho's ring.
I believe it shares
a sephiric origin with Erone.
-[sips]
-[gasps]
Our issue...
Is that corporate-costumed fool,
his demonic master.
Yes, I agree.
Wait, one moment!
You know of Alas Ramus
and the other sephirah?
Yes, of course.
That being said,
Geburah's recent recruitment was
completely unbeknownst to me.
[sips and screams]
Who poured this abomination?
Hot tea
is entirely inappropriate
-in this weather!
-[chuckles]
What's the prob?
If he's just doing
what Farfarello says,
let's forget the kid for now
and kick that demon's
sharply-dressed ass.
-You're a fool.
-[gasps]
If we defeat Farfarello now,
they'll send a stronger opponent
in his stead.
Ideally, we convince him
to leave on his own.
If we play
into his sense of reason
and speak rationally with him,
we have a chance.
Well, we're on the wrong foot.
And that's not the only way
I fudged up.
♪
I instinctively protected Chi
from him.
And unless
he's a complete idiot,
he could tell that she's someone
we know and care about.
And...
And he probably saw
I couldn't protect myself,
that I can't fight.
What does that mean?
[blows]
Well, I know what I would do.
Kidnap you.
[all gasp]
Don't look so shocked.
If it wasn't a good plan,
I wouldn't have done it myself.
It's exactly as I feared.
I need you, Mister Sariel.
Would you pretty please help me
take my idea linking
to the next level?
[all gasp]
Are you insane?
Why would I spend my time
doing something for you?
I understand
it's not a small favor.
To repay you,
I'll try and make things right
between you and Miss Kisaki.
[gasp]
Now!
Let the training begin, soldier!
Sir!
Calling it now. This ends bad.
We have no choice.
The shrinking angel's lame,
but not our biggest problem.
If we win over Farfarello,
there are no problems.
This all will end peacefully.
This must work.
Miss Sasaki is a vital part
of His Majesty's plan,
thus we need this brute
to take her seriously.
Yeah.
A flashy holy spell might make
her look like less of a joke,
but it still seems risky.
It's a gamble.
But the only play we've got.
[CHIHO] ♪ The sun is up
It's morning once again ♪
♪ The day is full of hope, so ♪
Interesting.
If you can get
to a clear state of mind,
it doesn't matter how.
[EMI]
I used hymns to train.
I don't think
I ever told her that, though.
Sure.
But, why
this radio calisthenics song?
Easy! This one always makes me
super happy!
Bel! Try sending the songbird
something!
If she can get a handle
on receiving,
perhaps understanding
the sensation
will help her send out
a message of her own!
[SUZUNO]
Prepare thyself!
Thanks for your help!
[SUZUNO]
Let's see. What shall I say?
It should be something
that will trigger her
to reverse my desired flow
of communication.
[clears throat]
Good Chiho.
You want to ma...
Or, uh, exchange nuptial vows
with the Devil, do you not?
[whimpers]
[scream]
The hell? Chi?
[whimpering]
[yelps] You heard nothing,
you heard nothing!
[whimpers]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[whimpers]
And with that display,
my pupil has overcome
her first hurdle.
Judging by the way
Bel received her idea link,
Chiho fired off
quite a powerful response.
[groans] I was concerned
that my skull had fractured.
[SARUE]
Well, everyone.
Should we plan on training again
tomorrow?
Same time, same place?
That suits us fine.
If I reserve the space now,
there's a healthy window of time
open between one and four.
Sir Schedule over here.
Will that time slot work for--
-Uh...
-Uh, something up, Sariel?
Oh, my gosh!
Huh? Whoa, hey, gang,
fancy meeting you here.
I wasn't expecting
to see anyone this late.
Yeah, same here. How weird.
Well, if it isn't Sarue.
What are you doing here?
Oh, yes!
Well, you see, I, I was--
It's a funny story! We, uh--
[KISAKI]
You fool.
If you messed with my crew
or my customers,
you'll live to regret it.
I just... live here! I swear!
[whimpering]
Oh. Nice place.
[gasps]
That's my dream,
I want to join their ranks.
Wait, Miss Kisaki.
Don't tell me
you're quitting Mg--
No. Don't panic, okay?
But, uh, I know I've been acting
a little distant
the past few days.
I blame the new MgCafé.
It reawakened something.
A dream I've kept tucked away
for a while.
-You, uh, have dreams?
-Huh?
Of course.
They're not
just for crazy kiddos like you,
you know.
[KISAKI] I want to see
if I could do it.
If I could keep my head
above water
without having a big name
to lean on.
So, does that mean
that you're planning
to start your very own cafe
down the line?
Maybe.
But it's much less
of a solid plan,
and more
of a "that would be nice."
But you're looking
for real estate.
Seems like
a pretty concrete step to me.
[KISAKI] There's still a lot
that I need MgRonald's for.
I'm not out of there yet.
It's a place to hone my skills.
For example,
I've been working to memorize
all of our regulars'
coffee preferences.
Which is no small task,
trust me.
That sounds like
a seriously hard job!
Wait, your coffee is so good
because you're customizing
every cup?
[KISAKI] Maa,
you like your coffee bitter
and not too hot.
Chi, you like plenty of cream,
but no sugar.
The truth is,
I'm no coffee wizard.
Might've been a cheap way
to impress you.
But it did up your respect
for your manager.
With all that said,
you could both learn a lot
from barista training,
and I still suggest you go.
If you try your best
to learn about the things
that seem small now,
you'll be more prepared
to learn about the things
that seem big later on.
Any dream that's come true
was achieved
through a series of small steps.
We learn.
And with some determination,
we grow.
The greater your resolve,
the greater your dream can be.
But, fear not.
I'm barely taking steps.
Dreams take time to come true.
I apologize for the lecture.
It's good to see you.
Please come by MgR's
next time
you're in the neighborhood.
Good night.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[KISAKI]
Oh, and chicken boy?
I hear you're depressed
because I banned you
from the store.
[gasps]
It's tricky.
Part of me worries
I'm using your feelings for me
to hurt your employer,
even though that was never
my intention in the slightest.
Disarming a business rival
outside the realm of business
is wrong.
A barman would never do
such a thing.
Do you mean--
Come by the shop
whenever you want.
But step of out of line,
and I'll see your ass in court.
[gasps]
Awesome. So,
all's well that ends well, huh?
Yeah. Wow.
[sighs]
Please try to control yourself!
♪
Mister Sariel, do you realize
that you're levitating?
[INSTRUCTOR 215A]
We'll begin our course
by watching this 20-minute video
showing you the MgCafé way.
It's not
the most hands-on activity,
but it should give you
a good idea of our mission here.
Afterwards, we'll dive right
into the "meat" of this course.
[instructor 215A chuckles]
Please enjoy the video.
♪
[ERONE]
I'm confused. What's this?
Farfarello isn't here.
It's only you and me this time.
You've been using
that big-ass barrier of yours
to sneak around?
It's my job to see
what you're up to.
I'm supposed to find out
what you're doing here
to achieve your mission.
[ERONE]
So, what is this?
Is it necessary
for world domination?
Yup, that's why I'm here.
I've got to take
every opportunity
to study stuff like this.
-"Study"?
-Yeah.
You know, learning things.
I'm taking some action to expand
my knowledge of this world.
Oh. That makes sense.
My army might've been strong,
but they didn't have a clue
what it meant to be a nation.
Or to fight for a cause.
That's why I'm here in Japan.
This place?
It's the perfect playground
to figure that stuff out.
This class is a part of it.
I'm taking small steps for now.
I've got a new dream
for world conquest.
It'll just take some time.
A new dream. I see.
Sounds like fun.
[gasps]
[INSTRUCTOR 215A]
On to today's lecture.
Everyone,
please open your texts.
Hey, Chi. Back there--
[gasps]
Huh?
Come with me. Please.
[gasps]
Mm. All right.
[indistinct chatter]
-[Maou gasps]
-[EMI] Hm?
Uh, why's he here?
He seems erratic.
Where is the good Chiho?
-[panting]
-[EMI] Maou!
Have you seen Chi?
She's supposed to be
at the class with you.
When did you lose her?
A few minutes ago.
Nobody just vanishes
out of thin air like that.
I'm almost 100% certain
Erone's barrier was involved.
If you're going to beg,
I suppose I can help you.
[all gasp]
That ring she wears
on her left hand,
it contains a shard of Yessod,
yes?
Moon Mirror!
[sparkling]
[all gasp]
How anticlimactic.
She's a stone's throw away.
Really, where?
As fate would have it,
there's a barrier pitched right
on the roof of that building.
[wind rushing]
[MAOU]
Real sorry, ladies.
But I'm going to need
to borrow your power.
And how do you expect us
to give it to you?
[MAOU]
I noticed something.
I'm like Chi.
I'm a human being now,
the same as her.
Huh?
I understand
you came here willingly.
Why didn't you try to resist?
I was pretty sure
that you would beat me up
if I tried to fight back.
Interesting.
You have steadier nerves
than your appearance suggests.
Gee, thanks!
I've been through
some scary stuff.
[FARFARELLO]
Have you? Well...
[smoke rushing]
[gasps]
How does this compare?
Oh. You were wearing undies
under there?
Behold my true form.
Cower in fear, girl.
Uh, you know, I was kind of
expecting something
a little bit more dramatic.
Hush, child,
you're merely feeding my desire
to skin you alive.
Oops. Sorry, Mister. Uh...
Just so you know,
Satan hasn't come close
to giving up on his dream
of ruling the world.
He's learning a whole lot.
Like new strategies
to strengthen his campaign.
He's studying.
Yup! Studying hard.
Mister? Real quick question.
Satan.
Why'd he ever invade Ente Isla?
What does that place have
that made you guys want
to conquer it so bad?
Funny.
Why do you care to know?
To help him.
If I can figure out
why it went wrong
the first time,
I can help make
his dream come true now!
[CHIHO] He's seemed
really confused lately.
He keeps saying
the way he did things last time
was wrong.
Damn, girl.
A multi-recipient idea link
so soon?
She shouldn't be capable
of such a feat yet.
Do you think that she's somehow
doing it subconsciously?
Why? You're an average human,
aren't you?
100%, Sir.
Then explain.
Why would you choose to help
us demons over your own kind?
Hush. No demons versus humans!
They can get along.
If they can do it now,
they can do it forever!
There's some way
to rule the world
where the Devil
and the Hero can be friends!
[both panting]
This dream, it might not look
like same kind of world
conquest he tried before,
but it's worth a real shot
if you ask me.
[FARFARELLO]
What does it look like?
Devil and Hero unite.
Everyone is happy!
And demons and humans
work together,
so they all get enough to eat.
That's what I want to see.
That's what I'm going to help
make happen!
Look, Farfarello. A barrier.
[gasps]
♪
[CHIHO]
Mister Maou?
You good, Chi?
[CHIHO]
Yup! All safe!
[sparkling]
Wait! No fighting!
Mister Farfa-Fellow
hasn't been mean to me at all!
Farfarello.
Chi might be a sweetie,
but it's obvious
you kidnapped my friend.
Sorry, but I'm not feeling
quite as sweet.
What's your game, panties?
All due respect.
I wanted to be thorough
and hear your story
from a third party, my lord.
I had questions, too.
About what Ente Isla's like.
And why you and your army wanted
to conquer it so much.
[sighs] I see.
Next time, guys.
Just ask me that crap
to my face.
[both gasps]
I'm always here.
And questions don't scare me.
Right! I'm sorry!
-[MAOU] Farfarello.
-Sire?
Ever seen something
like this before?
[FARFARELLO]
I have, my lord.
It's what humans trade
for goods and services.
Right. It's called money.
Forget about magic,
this bill is tons more powerful
than that junk.
[FARFARELLO] You claim
that a measly scrap of paper
has more power
than magic itself?
[MAOU]
We give it power.
What we decide
shapes the world around us.
That's just one of the things
I've picked up on
during my time here.
[FARFARELLO]
Still, my lord.
What could something so small
mean in the face of true might?
Nothing yet.
But, in time, if I build
this system the right way,
even the Hero,
the one whose mission
it was to kill me,
will give me power
for cold hard cash.
Next time,
let's figure out a way
to express that
that doesn't make me sound
like a sword-slinging pimp.
Hey, Chi. Show time.
-[gasps]
-I've got some work to do.
-Keep yourself safe.
-[CHIHO] Huh?
Sire, please tell me
the meaning of this at once!
Stay there!
You better be able to handle
this much force!
There's no reason to worry,
ladies.
Just watch.
I'll blow your minds.
-[yells]
-Be careful!
[CHIHO] ♪ The sun is up
It's morning once again ♪
♪ The day is full of hope, so ♪
♪ Look up to the sky
And reach up to the clouds ♪
♪ As the radio guides you ♪
♪ So, breathe deeply
And think sweet thoughts ♪
♪ And take in
The beauty of the world ♪
♪ And feel joyful and hopeful
And grateful today ♪
Starting. Three. Two. One!
Jeez, that hurt.
Thought I might pass out
for a second there.
He's so huge.
This is quite unheard of.
What the heck
just happened to you?
You know the answer,
don't you, Chi?
Uh, I think so.
When a body gets
an overdose of celestial force,
it starts producing magic.
Most cases result
in a nasty poisoning.
But I had a feeling
that Sadou Maou's body
wouldn't be so easy to break,
and I was right.
Next time,
just give us a heads up
when we're participants
in some whack job experiment!
King Satan, I--
You what? Are you satisfied now?
I was very rash and thoughtless
in my actions, my lord.
I'm sorry.
Punish me for my crime
however you see fit.
Skip punishment
and do me a favor.
When you get home,
go tell Barbariccia.
There's a new army.
And it's led by me
and the Four Great Generals 2.0.
Allow me to introduce them.
[ALL]
Huh?
Hm. Firstly, Alciel and Lucifer.
You remember them.
As for new additions...
The Hero Emilia.
She's an expert
on the battlefield,
and might be even stronger
than me.
"Might"?
[MAOU] Doctrinal Correction
Council Investigator,
Death Scythe Bel.
With her background
in the Church's
Missionary Division,
her wisdom on Ente Isla affairs
makes her invaluable.
Huh? It does?
[MAOU] Finally, the woman
who turns enemies into allies.
The crux of our operation
to win hearts and my aide,
future MgRonald's barista
Chiho Sasaki!
[gasps]
All of them will serve
as the four great generals
of the new Devil's army.
[SUZUNO, EMI]
That's five!
And what the hell?
You've got to have
a conversation with someone
before you declare them
your general all willy-nilly!
No way, I'm a general now?
Please!
That is no reason to smile!
Seems they're having
a grand time.
This no longer
warrants a barrier.
Huh?
Here, take it.
King Satan's magic.
Thank you, my lord.
This is all great news,
and will surely boost morale.
Leave my name
out of your "news", got it?
[sparkling]
-Ah.
-Erone!
Hi, Alas Ramus. Long time.
[giggles]
The others. They good?
Don't know. I wish I did.
Sorry. But I'm good.
Let's play real soon!
Let's.
♪
You must correct the record.
There can't be
five "four generals."
Who says there can't be?
That sounds just peachy to me.
Hell, I'd take six.
If you already want more,
then replacing me
should be no issue.
Papa! Pick me!
You're the Colonel of Cuteness!
Haven't you
arbitrarily thrown out
enough nonsense titles today?
[sighs] Whatever, then.
If you think your general-ship
is really such nonsense,
well,
let's say you're tagging along
to keep eyes on me.
-What?
-Huh?
Come on. I know
that you're in a weird spot.
You don't know
whether to keep treating me
as an enemy or as a friend.
So maybe we can start fresh.
Decide for yourself
if I'm your enemy.
-Sound good?
-Yeah, on opposite day.
Just give me a chance.
If you're willing to start
our relationship over,
clean slate,
I swear I'll show you
I'm not the Devil you think.
Emi the Hero. Let's be a team.
As I build a new world,
I'll show you how incredible
that world can be.
[gasps]
Wow. Game recognizes game.
You're such a stupid jerk!
Do you have a clue what any
of that mushy crap implies,
you oblivious dumpster fire
of a demon?
Huh? [grunts]
Uh, 'sup, Chi?
Nothing much.
Let's go and buy me some cake.
Huh?
My birthday is coming up,
so you owe me cake, silly.
But why right now?
Don't get me wrong.
I was planning to get you
a present and stuff.
Uh, for some weird reason,
I get the feeling
you're mad at me, too.
Am I? Whelp, time to go!
-Jeez, Chi!
-Cakey! Cakey!
Friends make us fresh
and put courage in our breasts.
And now off to dinner
this angel must go!
Time for my first MgCafé!
[indistinct chatter]
-[SUZUNO] Emilia.
-Hm?
There is something
rather pressing
that we need to discuss.
We learned
that angels are people. Yes?
If that much is true,
what does that make demons?